Update zokrates.js book (#655)
Zokrates/ZoKrates: zokrates_book/src/zokrates_js.md

```

**Note:** The `resolveCallback` function is used to resolve unmet dependencies. 
This callback receives the current module location and the import location of the module which is being imported. 
The callback must synchronously return either an error, `null` or a valid `ResolverResult` object like shown in the example above.

##### computeWitness(artifacts, args)
Computes a valid assignment of the variables, which include the results of the computation.

Parameters:
* `artifacts` - Compilation artifacts
* `args` - Array of arguments (eg. `["1", "2", true]`)

Returns: `ComputationResult`

**Example:**

```js
const code = 'def main(private field a) -> (field): return a * a';
const artifacts = zokratesProvider.compile(code);

const { witness, output } = zokratesProvider.computeWitness(artifacts, ["2"]);

console.log(witness); // Resulting witness which can be used to generate a proof
console.log(output); // Computation output: ["4"]
```

##### setup(program)
Generates a trusted setup for the compiled program.

Parameters:
* `program` - Compiled program

Returns: `SetupKeypair`

##### exportSolidityVerifier(verificationKey, abi)

> Generates a Solidity contract which contains the generated verification key and a public function to verify a solution to the compiled program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generates a Solidity contract which contains the generated verification key and a public function to verify proofs of computation of the compiled program.
```

    const verifier = zokratesProvider.exportSolidityVerifier(keypair.vk, "v1");
});
```

## API

##### initialize()

> Dynamically loads binding wasm module containing Rust-generated wasm functions and returns a promise with a ZoKrates provider. 

Reviewer: This is still a bit obscure, I'm not sure that much detail is required. How about just "returns an initialized ZokratesProvider as a promise" or something?

Author: ah right, nice suggestion, no reason to complicate this really

    const verifier = zokratesProvider.exportSolidityVerifier(keypair.vk, "v1");
});
```

## API

##### initialize()

> Loads binding wasm module and returns a promise with ZoKrates provider.

Author: Added a bit more information what is going on here, hopefully its better now.

Returns: `Promise<ZoKratesProvider>`

##### compile(source, location, resolveCallback[, config])
Compiles source code into ZoKrates internal representation of arithmetic circuits.

Parameters:
* `source` - Source code to compile
* `location` - Root location of the module which is being compiled
* `resolveCallback` - User-defined callback used to resolve imports

> * `config` - Compilation config

Author: Added a few examples and a note for resolve callback

Returns: `CompilationArtifacts`

##### computeWitness(artifacts, args)
Computes a valid assignment of the variables, which include the results of the computation.

Parameters:
* `artifacts` - Compilation artifacts
* `args` - Array of arguments (eg. `["1", "2", true]`)

Returns: `ComputationResult`

##### setup(program)
Generates a trusted setup for the compiled program.

Parameters:
* `program` - Compiled program

Returns: `SetupKeypair`

##### exportSolidityVerifier(verificationKey, abi)
Generates a Solidity contract which contains the generated verification key and a public function to verify a solution to the compiled program.

Parameters:
* `verificationKey` - Verification key from the setup keypair
* `abi` - Abi version (`"v1"` | `"v2"`)

Returns: `string`

##### generateProof(program, witness, provingKey)
Generates a proof for a computation of the compiled program.

Parameters:
* `program` - Compiled program

> * `witness` - Witness (valid assignment of the variables)

Reviewer: It should be made clear that this is the output of the `computeWitness` step, but now that result is `ComputationResult` and here `witness`

Author: I left a comment for more clarity and added some examples to the computation step. Let me know if you have a better suggestion for this case
